The Joe Rogan experience. I talked to David for four hours. Um,
yeah, whatever, bring that up because David.
Fravor, you were talking, let's explain who David Fravor was. Yeah, he's a, uh,
um, fighter jet pilot for the Navy. And, uh,
he discovered a UFO off the coast of San Diego that when they
tracked,
it went from 60,000 feet to one feet in a second
or less, they don't know how fast it went because it's, you know,
the blip of a radar.
But the thing traveled in an insane way that defies all of
our understanding of propulsion,
all of our understanding of physics and this thing also actively was
blocking their tracking systems, which is an act of war. If it, you know,
with the Soviet union or China was doing that, that's tactically inactive war.
So this thing was doing something that showed that it was intelligently
aware of the fact that they are using tracking devices to try to lock in on it.
And it behaved and moved in a way that defies all of our understandings
of propulsion systems. It didn't give off any heat signature, and, uh,
the people from the Navy that he was communicating with saying, yeah,
we see these every now and again. We don't know what the. Yeah.
So the, the thing I was going to say, this is a lot interesting things to say,
well, it was about, so just this,
I just remembered that it felt like from that entire experience,
that because it didn't have a Chinese or Russian flag on it,
whatever he saw is we tend to just,
the entire system is doesn't want to acknowledge it.
Like you just, you don't know what to do with it. So they actually, most of, uh,
like when you returned back to the ship and there's a bunch of pilots that put,
you know, that saw it, there's, there's a lot of people that witnessed it.
And then there's also the video, you know,
the majority of the people didn't know what to do with it.
They just went on with our day, like nothing happened. Uh, you know,
they kind of made fun of each other or whatever for, you know, uh, yeah,
yeah, sure, bro, you saw aliens, but like they didn't,
they didn't know how to comprehend it. That, that's what I meant.
Like if we encounter in life from elsewhere in the universe,
we think we would be, uh,
as a population excited, but it feels like just like with book Bigfoot,
we want, we're excited by the mystery when they're like,
when they're just out of reach when they're like, um,
among us that just,
there's so many mysteries and incredible things among us that we just kind of
take them for granted. We don't even, um, or ignore them actually even worse.
We ignore them, we get used to things. And that, that was the weird thing.
The biggest mystery to me about, uh,
what David Fravor saw a lot.
And then also with the other videos in 2014,
something like that, the go fast is like,
it wasn't a bigger deal than I thought it would be like, well.
The big deal was when the Pentagon came out and said that they have recovered
some vehicles that are not of this world. Now they didn't expand on that.
There hasn't been more conversation about that. But my,
this is purely speculation.
My speculation is they are slowly spoonfeeding
us information to allow people to be more comfortable with the
inevitable arrival of something. They believe that something's coming.
They don't want it to happen all at once.
You see what happens just with the pandemic.
You see what happens with George Floyd and see what happens with any anytime.
There's a big shock to our system and there's chaos in the streets it's
unmanageable. And if the UFO's came in the middle of something like that,
like Jesus Christ, like who the knows what would go down.
If I was someone who was in a position of power, I would say, listen,
this information is going to get out. It's inevitable.
So why don't we let people know now just give them just
in words, say we have recovered crafts that are not of this world.
Say something crazy like that, let print it in the New York times,
get it out there. And then slowly drip out more information.
When they see these videos, they'll get more and more accustomed to it.
And then eventually to be like, masks, like you walk down the street,
everybody has a mask on, you don't even think about it. Yeah.
But okay. So let me, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I totally,
and this is such a fascinating question.
If the government is in possession of an alien spacecraft,
what is the right way to release that information?
The problem is if it, if it's more potent than any weapon that any,
any civilization has currently on this planet.
So if the United States is in control of this vehicle,
that is more potent and can do things that like,
if you really do have something that can go from 60,000 feet to one foot in
under a second, that, I mean,
that's that defies all of our understandings of speed, right? I mean,
that's so fast if you could do that. Well.
I there's arguments against, cause it could be human creative technology too.
That's just 15, 20, 30 years out. Like the stealth bomber was developed,
uh, secretly. So what defies,
it's our perception of its movement capabilities defies,
but there could be some tricks on perception that, I mean,
that's the whole point with a stealth bomber is it's difficult to detect.
And so there could be same kind of tricks on perception that you could just be
playing, uh, different kinds of, uh,
amazing secret human created technology that, uh,
is able to deceive the human eye.
I mean, but the, the thing about it is they tracked it.
It wasn't just that it was, uh, the human eye that saw this and it's deceptive,
but also like to tell Palmer, you know, the way it's designed it, it,
it blocks radar or it, uh, radar doesn't catch onto it.
I think it is possible that some human created
technology that's so far advanced from anything that we're,
uh, w w w we currently understand, like,
in terms of like mainstream propulsion experts and,
and fighter pilots like David Fravor and military people,
it is possible that some civilization, one of the,
one of the big civilizations on this planet,
whether it's China or Russia has come up with something that's, uh,
above and beyond what everybody knows, but it's not likely,
it's not likely that they've made that much of a leap.
And your sense on the other side of fatality and technology, see,
I'm more optimistic to me as a scientist and engineer.
And actually David favor says, says this too, in this time of pandemic.
And this time of like, just, just hard,
negative news everywhere,
there'll be nothing more inspiring than the government in an inspiring,
like Neil deGrasse, Tyson way coming out and saying,
we have not releasing the videos like they did, which is,
I don't know if you know, but they just put videos on the website.
Like there's not, there's nothing. It's just videos. It's just like,
would like some boring documents that describe like nothing.
They're not inspiring. We're not talking about like Neil deGrasse Tyson,
or like Carl Sagan, cosmos style, like a beautiful,
inspiring what is more inspiring than an alien spacecraft.
Look, here's a fascinating mystery here.
There's nothing more inspiring to us humans than that. There was life out there,
intelligent life out there.
How would you handle it? Like, let's imagine,
let's imagine you are the leader of the United States and you find
out, or the, you know,
whatever the head of the Navy military intelligence program, whatever,
whoever you are,
you're a person that's in a position where you realize that this thing is from
another world and you have this responsibility to try to
somehow, or another publicize this I.
Would, I would, I would,
I would approach it a hundred percent from the perspective of science.
Here's a mystery. So forget weapon,
like you're you mentioned there's this inclination to think like,
how can I figure out a way to use this as a weapon to destroy Russia or China,
as, as opposed to seeing it like,
like going to Mars, colonizing, Mars,
or going to the moon originally, there is some competitive element,
but mostly it's a human pursuit of understanding and human
pursuit of overcoming our limited knowledge
to sort of unlock mysteries of this universe from a physics perspective,
from an engineering perspective,
I would release all the information I have and, uh,
release it in a way that gets the new other guys,
Tyson folks in the loop. So it's,
it's almost like an inspiring effort for us as a humanity to understand what the
hell this thing is versus let's keep it secret
and see if we can use it as a weapon. Well.
I appreciate that you think that way, because you're a scientist,
you're thinking about it in a very positive way to try to expand our education
and our understanding of this, this thing. And maybe we could, you know,
use it for good,
but you got to realize that anything that surpasses any and all
technologies that we currently enjoy in terms of fighter pilots and jets and
military superiority, if there's something that just is above and beyond all,
if everybody has a model T and you have a Ferrari or better,
yet you have a Tesla, you have a model S and everybody's got a model T you,
you are, this is in the you're in a race.
Like you have something that is so far above and beyond what
everybody else has. It's not really a fair race. It's a joke. You'll dominate.
If that, if you were in a,
you have a model T and the other person has a Tesla and your racing,
and the winner gets to decide who has all the food who gets all the women, who,
who lives in the nice house. Like you're going to win every time right now,
if you have a UFO,
if you have a spaceship that comes from another planet where they're a million
years more advanced than us,
they've had a million years of evolution and technological evolution dealing
with elements that are common on their planet that have to be created on a
particle Collider here. And they only exist for a brief amount of time.
If they have something like that,
that's powered by something that we can't even imagine.
And you figure out how to use that here on earth.
You will have technical superiority, technological,
superiority over every other civilization, every other country.
In that technological superior.
It's so funny as chimps are like still talking about our village,
we want our village could be better than the next village.
When there's an alien civilization,
that's a million years more advanced that would, can easily destroy us.
If I wanted to,
or actually understands the nature of existence in this universe on
levels that like we,
we chimps talking about like meditation and finding inner peace, like,
and understands on, on such a deeper level,
like the nature of consciousness, the nature of intelligence,
the meaning of life,
all the weird stuff that we're so obsessed with and understands on another
level. And here we are thinking about what the Russians are doing,
uh, versus like understanding that mystery.
I think in the face of that mystery of something,
that's far more intelligent than us. I think we can't,
it's a ridiculous notion to think we're anything, but, uh,
one human village. And in terms of weapons,
cause you said the get all the girls or whatever. I think the weapons things,
the key thing, and we're, we're we already,
at least the major nations have all the weapons we need to destroy each other.
It's like, we don't need extra weapons. I, well,
I mean, it feels like, it feels like,
uh, your hypothesis would be like if an alien technology was here and we'd
figure it out, would be able to have something that, um,
destroys other Chimp villages,
an order of magnitude more efficiently than nuclear weapons,
thereby having an asymmetrical sort of from a game theory perspective of
power over other nations. And we can tell China what to do.
We can tell Russia what to do.
That's that's the perspective from which they're thinking. I just.
I'm not even saying that. They're thinking that way.
I'm thinking a human would think that if they had control of this vehicle,
I'm not saying that the aliens would think this way.
I'm thinking also that we are constantly innovating when, when you,
when you talk to, uh,
people that are designing jets and planes and fighter pilots,
and they were really talking about new systems that they've created in a new,
you know, new, new weapons,
they don't just sit back and say,
we have enough weapons to destroy Russia and China and the rest of the world
combined. So we're just going to stop.
This is not how human beings innovate human beings are in this constant state
of wanting the newest, greatest innovations.
We want to improve upon every single existing invention
until we hit some sort of singularity point or whatever the we're
striving for as a culture.
And that would be that propulsion system. If you,
if you do really have something go from 60,000 feet to one feet in less than a
second, you're dealing with something that we don't understand.
We can't do that right now. And if we can,
and if you could figure out how to do that and propel people that quickly,
it would be a game changer. Now, how much of a game changer?
What does that mean? Well,
we're in this weird place where we kind of agree to not use our best weapons,
right? Like when there's a,
there's a face-off between the United States jets and a Russian jet, and they,
they come close to each other, like over China or something like that.
It's weird because we're not shooting at each other,
but we're real close. And even the muscles that we have, they're not nuclear,
like we're w but we're involved in,
in a skirmish with another country, but it does,
we don't use all our weapons.
Like if we approached war the way people approached war in the
middle ages, we would just nuke the out of everybody. That talks.
Right. Anybody, anybody would have challenges say, what'd they just say,
launch those missiles. those peoples that have Twitter, the nukes. Yeah,
exactly.
So we're already in this place where we don't use our best stuff we're already.
So if we had something that made us fly better and fly faster,
the real question is, yeah. How much would that change the world? I don't know.
I don't know how much it would if we got in control of some UFO and were able to
get to China quicker with how much of a difference would that make in terms
of like the way they responded to our military.
We're in this position now where there's multiple countries that have the
ability to destroy other countries. There's a,
Ron has some sort of a nuclear program. Pakistan has a nuclear program. Uh,
India has nuclear program, you know, of course the United States, Russia, China,
there's many countries that have the ability to wipe out
huge numbers of the population like that.
Just launched just one crazy psychotic leader who just
decides to just listen, we're going to make our mark here,
everybody together on 1, 2, 3 go, boom.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking you. Just go download Spotify. Buh-bye.